Add views (#275)
axiomhq/docs: query-data/views.mdx

Contrary to datasets:

- You can’t ingest directly to a view.
- You can’t trim or delete data from a view.
- You can’t create a view from another view.

The concept of a view in Axiom is similar to the concept of a virtual table in a database.

### Create view

1. Select a dataset.
1. In the top right of the **Views** section, click **+ Create view**.
1. Create the query using the [visual query builder](/query-data/explore#create-a-query-using-the-visual-query-builder) or the [Axiom Processing Language (APL)](/query-data/explore#create-a-query-using-apl).
1. Below the query, check the preview of the events and the fields that your query returns.
1. Name the view and optionally add a description.
1. Click **Create view**.

### Display view

1. Select a dataset.
1. In the **Views** section on the right, click the view you want to display.

### Grant access to view

> Grant other users access to a view in the same way you grant access to individual datasets:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All views are available to users with organization-level read access to views. You can allow users without these permissions to access an individual view in the same way you grant access to individual datasets:
```

Author: Thanks @benenharrington!
Please feel free to commit this if my rewrite works for you.

1. Click <img src="/doc-assets/icons/settings.svg" className="inline-icon" alt="Settings icon" /> **Settings > Roles**.
1. Click the role with which you want to share the view or create a new role.

> 1. In the **Organization** section, enable read access to views.

Author: @benenharrington This should be removed, right?

Reviewer: Woops, yep!
